docs: Advise to not name columns starting with numeric chars (#140)
snakemake-workflows/rna-seq-kallisto-sleuth: config/README.md

For each biological sample, add a line to the sample sheet in `config/samples.tsv`.
The column `sample` is required and gives the sample name.
Additional columns can specify covariates (including batch effects) and conditions.

> These columns can then be used in the `diffexp: models:` specification section in `config/config.yaml` (see below).
> When naming these columns make sure they can be interpreted as proper variable names i.e. **do not** start them with numeric chars `1vs2`.

Reviewer: I think putting the naming info first makes it more visible for users. Also, I would assume that other special symbols will be problematic. So maybe something like this:
```suggestion
Please ensure that these column names can be interpreted as proper variable names.
Especially, they **should not** start with numeric chars (`1vs2`) or special (non-letter) symbols (`+compound_x`).
These columns can then be used in the `diffexp: models:` specification section in `config/config.yaml` (see below).
```
